PRIVACY POLICY
© © LFB TECHNOLOGY COMPANY LIMITED

© LFB TECHNOLOGY COMPANY LIMITED is a Company and its websites, games and other applications ("we," "our" or "us") believe that your privacy is very important.
Your installation and/or use of these Websites/Apps and/or submission of information to us constitute your consent to this Privacy Policy and the processing of your information (personal and non-personal) as described in this Policy.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of Aug 3, 2020, and was last modified on Aug 3, 2020.

Cookies

In connection with the foregoing collection of Personal Information and Non-Personal Information, we may also use cookies or similar technologies (tiny files that are stored on your computer's hard drive or mobile device when you visit certain web pages or apps that identify your computer or mobile device and may store information about you such as behavioral data). Should you choose to submit Personal Information to us, we may link cookie information to such Personal Information. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, some of our services will not function properly if you do so and you may lose access to the services you purchased. To learn more about cookies and how to reject them, visit www.aboutcookies.org.


Advertising
By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests. Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be able to choose to prevent your device's ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising or reset your device's ad identifier by changing the settings of your device.


Legal Disclaimer
Our Websites/Apps operate AS-IS, and we do not represent or warrant that our Websites/Apps will be available at all times, or that your use of the Websites/Apps will be uninterrupted or error-free. We are not responsible for your ability to access the Websites/Apps or for matters beyond our control.

If you have any general questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at bottom app/ site details.
